Update election fencing doc. (#3097)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/configuration/cfg_replication.rst

    | Environment variable: TT_ELECTION_TIMEOUT
    | Dynamic: **yes**

..  _cfg_replication-election_fencing_mode:

..  confval:: election_fencing_mode

>     Since version :doc:`2.11.0 </release/2.11.0>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Since version :doc:`2.11.0 </release/2.11.0>`.
    In earlier Tarantool versions, use :ref:`election_fencing_enabled <cfg_election-election_fencing_enabled_deprecated>` instead.
```
This hasn't been released yet.

    Switches the :ref:`leader fencing mode <repl_leader_elect_fencing>` that
    affects the leader election process. When the parameter is set to ``soft``

>     or ``strict``, the leader resigns its leadership if it has less than the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or ``strict``, the leader resigns its leadership if it has less than
```

    :ref:`replication_synchro_quorum <cfg_replication-replication_synchro_quorum>`
    of alive connections to the cluster nodes.
    The resigning leader receives the status of a
    :ref:`follower <repl_leader_elect>` in the current election term and becomes
    read-only. :ref:`Leader fencing <repl_leader_elect_fencing>` can be turned
    off by setting the parameter to ``off``.

>     In ``soft`` mode connection is considered dead if the where no responses for
>     :ref:`4*replication_timeout <cfg_replication-replication_timeout>` both on
>     current leader and followers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In ``soft`` mode, a connection is considered dead if there are no responses for
    :ref:`4*replication_timeout <cfg_replication-replication_timeout>` seconds both on
    the current leader and the followers.
```

>     In ``strict`` mode connection is considered dead if the where no responses
>     for :ref:`2*replication_timeout <cfg_replication-replication_timeout>` on
>     current leader and
>     :ref:`4*replication_timeout <cfg_replication-replication_timeout>` on
>     followers. This improves chances that there will be only one leader at any
>     time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In ``strict`` mode, a connection is considered dead if there are no responses
    for :ref:`2*replication_timeout <cfg_replication-replication_timeout>` seconds on the
    current leader and
    :ref:`4*replication_timeout <cfg_replication-replication_timeout>` seconds on the
    followers. This improves chances that there will be only one leader at any
    time.
```
